feat: readme (#20)
RequestNetwork/request-scan: CONTRIBUTING.md

<!-- @format -->

# Request Network Contribution Guide

We welcome contributions from anyone, and are grateful for even the smallest of fixes!

## Got a Question?

Please post questions on our [Github Discussions: Questions](https://github.com/orgs/RequestNetwork/discussions/categories/questions).
For quicker help, join the [Request Discord](https://request.network/discord/) and someone from the community may be able to help.

## Found a Bug?

If you found an issue or a bug, please create a Github Issue on the relevant repository. Or even better, create a pull request!

## Requesting a feature

> Request a new feature on our [Github Discussions: Feature Requests](https://github.com/orgs/RequestNetwork/discussions/categories/feature-requests) or by creating Github Issue on teh relevant repository.

Reviewer: Minor typo.

```suggestion
Request a new feature on our [Github Discussions: Feature Requests](https://github.com/orgs/RequestNetwork/discussions/categories/feature-requests) or by creating Github Issue on the relevant repository.
```

If you would like to implement a new feature, please submit an issue with a proposal for your work first, to be sure that we can use it.

## Submission Guidelines

### Submitting an Issue

Before you submit an issue, please search the [Backlog](https://github.com/orgs/RequestNetwork/projects/3) to see if an issue already exists.
The discussion might inform you of workarounds readily available.

To ensure fast resolution, please include the useful details:

- A quick summary and/or background
- Steps to reproduce
- Be specific!
- Give sample code if you can. Ideally, provide a minimal reproduce scenario through any online javascript code playground.
- What you expected would happen
- What actually happens
- Notes (possibly including why you think this might be happening, or stuff you tried that didn't work)

### Submitting a Pull Request (PR)

When contributing to this repository, please first discuss the change you wish to make via a Github Issue before making a change.

> We use trunk-based branch strategy: `master` branch represents the most recent released (published on npm) version.

Reviewer: We don't publish request-scan to NPM. And we use `main`, not `master`.

```suggestion
We use trunk-based branch strategy: create branches off of `main` to implement changes.
```

> Internal contributors should create a branch from `master` and submit a PR to `master`.
> External contributors should create a fork of the repository and submit a PR to `master`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Internal contributors should create a branch from `main` and submit a PR to `main`.
External contributors should create a fork of the repository, create a branch from `main` and submit a PR to upstream `main`.
```
